Update links in framework/data folder (#15643)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/adonet/secure-data-access.md

  
|Resource|Description|  
|--------------|-----------------|  

> |[Exception Handling Fundamentals](/dotnet/standard/exceptions/)|Describes the basic forms of try/catch/finally structured exception handling.|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Handling and throwing exceptions in .NET](../../../standard/exceptions/index.md)|Describes the basic forms of try/catch/finally structured exception handling.|  
```
